hey folks Mike Iaconelli here I'm at
2011 high-caste
I want to talk to you about a couple of
new products that have been snooping
around what it talked about one that's
really close to my heart which is a new
hope design you know everybody knows
that one of my specialties is finesse
fishing you know when things get tough I
put a spinning rod in my hand I get like
line and that's how I catch those fish
specifically drop-shotting you know drop
shotting for me has become one of my
classic techniques when things are
really tough well there's a new hook out
by BMC called a spin shot that's kind of
going to solve some of the problems with
traditional drop shot you know here are
two of the big ones for me ones line
twists you know one of the biggest
problems is I'd always tie that knot try
that hook in line I dropped it down fish
in 20 30 foot of water after about 10
casts you can see your line start to
twist up it's always been a problem
another problem is your hook up
percentage you know a lot of times you
get that bite you start going with it
you reel and you would never hook up
what would happen is that hope would
kind of be off center would ball up you
would never get a hook drop driven home
and efficient
the new spin shot eliminates both these
problems if you look at it it's a really
radical design on on a drop shot hook
it's got an integrated or a built-in
swivel into the eyelet of the hook so
basically what that's gonna let you do
your line is gonna come down tie into
the top and then your drop leads gonna
tie it to the bottom and if you hold
that we're going to see what happens
that hooks gonna be able to go 360
degrees and it's gonna have an access
that goes top to bottom and here's what
that thing's gonna do they're gonna make
a scientist all that line twist is
because your hook is spinning no more
now you've got it really gone around
that swivel you're going to eliminate
that line twist the hook up percentage
problem here's what happened before when
you tie that knot it would it would want
to stay like that your hope would want
to turn backwards you miss those hook
ups with this deal look at the
flexibility that hook not only 360
degrees but the flexibility top to
bottom so if you like drop shotting if
you're sick align twist if you're sick
of missing fish try the new spin shot
hook by VMC I guarantee you're going to
put more fishing boat